One brick is being sent your way. 
We understand that you are a fan of Aria. 
I don't know if you need to hear this today, but fuck you.
[MESSAGE MISSING]. Oh god it's broken again.
When is the next stream? 
We know you like QP, stop denying it. 
Maki Roll 
I'm on my way to visit Collin in the middle of the ocean in 30 minutes. Please do not distrub me <3
Train Approaching
:Stare: 
:mrmewmewdead: 
[Insert Midori going crazy over Overwatch 2 again] 
MARIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
X is cunny.
Aya is the biggest Persona 2 hater out there.
Frog.
Something Something Miku.
My genuine reaction to that.
Ask Collin about the most recent Formula 1 race.
[Insert some AI Generated text that makes no sense] 
Gaming 
discord.errors.Forbidden: 403 Forbidden (error code: 50013): Missing Permissions
Hey did you know you can suggest custom messages when you ping someone? 
God this is tempermental 
Hey lets place a pile of grenades in the elevator
Nestle Crunch
Bouncy Balls, Bouncy Balls, bouncing all the way
Hey lets put this coin in 914
Trains are better than cars
Random Crits, Unfairly killing people since 2007.
I AM FULLY CHARGED! (Dies)

The mods are asleep. Post Romanian Propaganda.
Donkey Kong December
Tatsujun
That's cool and all but what's your solution to the trolley problem?
Alright I've been thinking... when life gives you lemons, don't make lemonade! Make life take the lemons back! I don't want your damn lemons what am I supposed to do with these!? Demand to see life's manager! Make life rue the day it thought it could give CAVE JOHNSON lemons, do you know who I am? I'm the man who's gonna burn your house down! With the LEMONS! I'm gonna have my engineers invent a COMBUSTIBLE LEMON that burns your house!
Remember your paradoxes
https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ
https://youtu.be/nIq4z2fnzFU
We're no strangers to love, You know the rules and so do I (do I), A full commitment's what I'm thinking of, You wouldn't get this from any other guy, I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling, Gotta make you understand, Never gonna give you up, Never gonna let you down, Never gonna run around and desert you, Never gonna make you cry, Never gonna say goodbye, Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you, We've known each other for so long, Your heart's been aching, but you're too shy to say it (say it), Inside, we both know what's been going on (going on), We know the game and we're gonna play it, And if you ask me how I'm feeling, Don't tell me you're too blind to see, Never gonna give you up, Never gonna let you down, Never gonna run around and desert you, Never gonna make you cry, Never gonna say goodbye, Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you, Never gonna give you up, Never gonna let you down, Never gonna run around and desert you, Never gonna make you cry, Never gonna say goodbye, Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you, (Ooh, give you up), (Ooh, give you up), (Ooh) Never gonna give, never gonna give (give you up), (Ooh) Never gonna give, never gonna give (give you up), We've known each other for so long, Your heart's been aching, but you're too shy to say it (to say it), Inside, we both know what's been going on (going on), We know the game and we're gonna play it, I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling, Gotta make you understand, Never gonna give you up, Never gonna let you down, Never gonna run around and desert you, Never gonna make you cry, Never gonna say goodbye, Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you, Never gonna give you up, Never gonna let you down, Never gonna run around and desert you, Never gonna make you cry, Never gonna say goodbye, Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you, Never gonna give you up, Never gonna let you down, Never gonna run around and desert you, Never gonna make you cry, Never gonna say goodbye, Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you
You should get rick rolled
Next thing you know Snivy becomes a Vtuber with her avatar
I own a missile for homeland defense because that's what President Woodrow Wilson intended. 4 bandits break into my airspace....Scramble! Scramble! as I grab my helmet and aim-9X sidewinder, I blow a soft ball size hole in first bandit...He's dead on the spot. Draw my AMRAAM on the second man and miss him entirely because he "notched it" and it "pit-bulls" on a civilian airliner.  I have to resort to the Patriot missile system mounted at the airbase below, TALLY-HO LADS! the surface-to-air-missile shreds two men in the blast, the sound of falling metal sets off car alarms. I then resort to Dog fighting the last bandit, select my 20mm m61 Vulcan Cannon, pull him into HUD and fire.  he bleeds out in the cockpit waiting for ejection (20mm is hard to stitch up) Just as I get a "bingo fuel warning".
I poured myself a bowl of ceral that had no cockroaches in it.
Okay everyone knows the deal. Don't tell him
Today's chat is brought to you by Honey. Honey is a free browser add-on available on Google, Oprah, Firefox, Safari. If it's a browser, it has Honey. All you have to do is when you're checking out on one of these major sites, just click that little orange button, and it will scan the entire internet and find discount codes for you. As you see right here, I'm on Hanes, y'know ordering some shirts because who doesn't like ordering shirts; We saved 11 dollars! Dude our total is 55 dollars, and after Honey it's 44 dollars. Boom. I clicked one and I saved 11 dollars. There's literally no reason not to install Honey. It takes two clicks, 10 million people use it, 100,000 five star reviews, unless you hate money, you should install Honey. Now back to the chat
Connection terminated. I'm sorry to interrupt you Elizabeth, if you still even remember that name, But I'm afraid you've been misinformed. You are not here to receive a gift, nor have you been called here by the individual you assume, although, you have indeed been called. You have all been called here, into a labyrinth of sounds and smells, misdirection and misfortune. A labyrinth with no exit, a maze with no prize. You don't even realize that you are trapped. Your lust for blood has driven you in endless circles, chasing the cries of children in some unseen chamber, always seeming so near, yet somehow out of reach, but you will never find them. None of you will. This is where your story ends. And to you, my brave volunteer, who somehow found this job listing not intended for you, although there was a way out planned for you, I have a feeling that's not what you want. I have a feeling that you are right where you want to be. I am remaining as well. I am nearby. This place will not be remembered, and the memory of everything that started this can finally begin to fade away. As the agony of every tragedy should. And to you monsters trapped in the corridors, be still and give up your spirits. They don't belong to you. For most of you, I believe there is peace and perhaps more waiting for you after the smoke clears. Although for one of you, the darkest pit of Hell has opened to swallow you whole, so don't keep the devil waiting, old friend. My daughter, if you can hear me, I knew you would return as well. It's in your nature to protect the innocent. I'm sorry that on that day, the day you were shut out and left to die, no one was there to lift you up into their arms the way you lifted others into yours, and then, what became of you. I should have known you wouldn't be content to disappear, not my daughter. I couldn't save you then, so let me save you now. It's time to rest for you and for those you have carried in your arms. This ends for all of us. End communication.
